docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/how-to/web-app-rocks/use-web-app-rock.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: How to update and deploy OCI images built with Rockcraft web framework extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: How to deploy and update a rock of a 12-factor web app. This guide  demonstrates using Juju as a software orchestrator that consumes the rock.
```
